Assignment 5 readme File

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your name?

-William Svoboda

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your name?

-Will Drury

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such
documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks.

The man pages on the armlab cluster.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through office
hours.
- Professor Moretti's Monday office hours

The course's current staff members outside of class time through e-mail.
- I had email correspondance with both my preceptor Josh and Professor
Moretti


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such
documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks.

The man pages on the armlab cluster.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through office
hours.
- Professor Moretti's Monday office hours

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

-None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

-None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

This assignment was incredibly frustrating, mostly in regards to
debugging. It certainly made me better at using GDB, but otherwise as
said in precept the assignment itself is somewhat arbitrary due to all
the steps required to make the attacks work (such as using memprotect).
I also really hated not being able to totally fix our A+ attack, since
we went through so many novel ways of solving the problem. We got really
really close, but unfortunately could never resolve the newline issue in
time

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

Although debugging took a long time and was very tedious, it was
satisfying as always to see the end result. The general idea of the
assignment was cool since it almost felt like we were 'hacking'
grader.c and it definately gave me a better understanding of
machine code. Unfortunatly we weren't able to fully complete the A+
attack, despite being on the right track (so we think).

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(optional) What information can you provide about your submission that
will help your grader to grade it in the most favorable light? In
particular, what bugs are in your submission?

- There is a bug in our implementation of the A+ attack. The comment in
the createdataAplus.c source file says it best, but essentially we replace
the intended string in the first print statement in main with our own.
This is done by putting the new string in BSS and putting its starting
address in X0. Then the value of the newline character is put in X1.
Then there is more machine code to branch to the print statement.
Both registers can be confirmed to have their intended values, but there
is a bug where the newline is never actually printed (we use a %c in our
string).

------------------------------------------------------------------------
What are your sentences from Step 1?

According to 18 U.S. Code 1030, if you were to use a buffer overrun
attack to commit fraud or related activity in connection with
computers, but did not attempt to cause death and did not knowingly or
recklessly cause death, then you could receive a maximum penalty of 10
years in prison.

According to 18 U.S. Code 1030, if you were to use a buffer overrun
attack to commit fraud or related activity in connection with
computers, and attempted to cause death or knowingly or recklessly
caused death, then you could receive a maximum penalty of 20 years in
prison.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
